docs(root): update readme of all nx plugins with template (#69)
amido/stacks-nx-plugins: packages/azure-node/README.md

# Plugin Name

This library is a NX plugin. Please see further documentation on NX plugins
[here](https://nx.dev/plugin-features/create-your-own-plugin)

What is its purpose?

What benefits does it give you?

## Generators and Executors

> `plugin-name` contains the following generators and executors
> 
> ```bash
> nx g @ensono-stacks/[plugin-name]:[generator-executor-name]
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View a list of the plugin executors/generators through the following command:

```bash
nx list @ensono-stacks/azure-node
```

```

Author: Good shout. Updated

## Development

### Building

Run the following command to build the plugin

```bash
nx build plugin-name
```

### Tests

Run the following to execute the unit tests via [jest](https://jestjs.io/).

```bash
nx test plugin-name
```

### Linting

Run the following to lint the code using [ESLint](https://eslint.org/).

```bash
nx lint plugin-name
```

### Publish

Run the following to publish the NPM package

```bash
nx publish plugin-name
```

## Full documentation

Please visit the stacks documentation page for `plugin-name`

> [here](http://add-link-here-to-documentation) for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[here](https://stacks.amido.com/docs) for more information
```

Author: Updated
